tests: Fix flaky test for NLLB-MoE (#22880)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/nllb-moe.mdx

The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairseq).

## Implementation differences with SwitchTransformers

> The biggest difference is the way the tokens are routed. NLLB-MoE uses a `top-2-gate` which means that for each input, only the top two experts are selected based on the 

Reviewer: 👀

> highest predicted probabilities from the gating network, and the remaining experts are ignored. In SwitchTransformers, once the masks are computed for each expert, 
> we just index the current hidden_states with the routing mask, and feed the correct tokens to the expert. However here, the implementation varies a lot as the fairseq 
> repository used a different approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
highest predicted probabilities from the gating network, and the remaining experts are ignored. In `SwitchTransformers`, only the top-1 probabilities are computes, which means that tokens have less probability of being forwarded. Moreover, if a token is not routed to any expert, `SwitchTransformers` still adds its unmodified hidden states (kind of like a residual connexion) while they are masked in `NLLB`'s top-2 routing mecanism. 
```
